---
layout: single
title: "Dark Spot"
date: 2014-01-15T00:22:00.002-08:00
author: "Cristiano Faustino"
last_modified_at: 2014-01-15T00:22:24.084-08:00
categories:
  - imported
  - blogspot
tags:
  - blogspot
  - "Cristiano Faustino"
---

When you think you're all lonely suddenly the reality of your thoughts take the left side of your brain and start to play with your motion control. It start to dance, start to say words that you couldn't say... but at this time you're insane... You're talking with yourself, again.




But who's insane when it's about harmless days? Who is right when it's about three weeks since you saw anyone you really love?






You think you're right, you think you're the one. The one that fell out the ground and cracked your bones, but didn't felt anything. You need some compensating time with a piano, just to see, not play. You love to watch the draws of the sounds going out of the window and flying. You might have the will to fly, it's your only possible move right now.






So you flew. You really flew that one time... And you don't even know why, but you're here now.






You see every dark floor on this building, every dark spot without a single light to guide you on your path, if there is one. Your path with the beans guiding you. That will be wonderful.






You heard about some bomb trowed to your very spot... You flew again, but now to wake up from a dream. An awkward and strange dream that you didn't want to loose. You note this on your notebook.






You can now have your coffee, dark, but you choose to mix it up with a little milk. You open the window because you find out you're loosing the sky today.






You see the kids playing in the neighbor backyard and just realize that you can live this life now. The people you love are waiting for you.






You smile. 






- Damn! I am missing you all, but let make some pancakes and go out to see the sun today.






Your dreams were so much enlightened since then.

